Supervised learning
methods learn a function
from a set of input
target examples.
This is very different from
reinforcement learning.
But supervised learning
methods can be
useful for handling parts of
the reinforcement
learning problem.
By the end of this video,
you will be able
to understand how
value estimation can be
framed as a supervised
learning problem,
and recognize that not all
function approximation methods
are well suited for
reinforcement learning.
Supervised learning
involves approximating
a function given a dataset
of input target pairs.
For example, imagine
we had a list of
house prices along with
a set of attributes
for each house.
We could use supervised
learning to train
a function to take
the attributes of
a house as input and
estimate the expected
price of the house.
The hope is that the function
learned will also generalize to
approximate the expected price
for houses that were not
in the training set.
This parameterized
function can be
represented in a variety of ways.
For example, a neural network.
The problem of
policy evaluation in
reinforcement learning
can be framed similarly.
This similarity is most
obvious in the case of
Monte Carlo methods.
Remember, the Monte Carlo
methods estimate
the value function using
samples of the return.
We can think of this as
an example of a supervised
learning problem,
where the input is the state
and the targets are the returns.
By training on enough examples,
we hope that the output of
our learn function will be
a close approximation
of the expected return.
In other words,
the value in each state.
TD can also be framed
as supervised learning.
In this case, the targets are
the one-step bootstrap return.
In principle, any function
approximation technique from
supervised learning can be
applied to the policy
evaluation task.
However, not all are
equally well-suited.
Let's see why. In
reinforcement learning,
an agent interacts
with an environment
and continually
generates new data.
This is often called
the online setting.
To distinguish it
from the offline
setting where the full dataset is
available from the start
and remains fixed
throughout learning.
If we want to use a function
approximation technique,
we should make sure it can
work in the online setting.
Some methods are
not compatible with
the online setting
because they are either
designed for
a fixed batch of data
or there are not designed for
temporally correlated data,
and the data in
reinforcement learning
is always correlated.
TD methods introduce
an additional complication
when applying techniques
from supervised learning.
TD methods use bootstrapping,
meaning that our targets now
depend on our own estimates.
These estimates
change as learning
progresses and so our
targets continually change.
This is different than supervised
learning where we have
access to a ground truth
label as the target.
For example, the price of
a house does not depend on
our estimate nor does it
change when we change
our estimates.
Supervised learning methods are
typically not
designed for changing
targets nor targets computed
from the agent's own estimates.
That's it for this video.
You should now understand
how we can frame
the policy evaluation task as
a supervised learning problem.
But that not all methods from
supervised learning are ideal
for reinforcement learning,
we will need methods
that are compatible with
online updating and
bootstrapping. See you next time.